corrado loci alessia petrò you there
you have called because if in one
rather difficult situation right
that is, that is, we live with 250 euros per
month because he still disabled at
hundred percent
let's say there are fools in the whole sense
put black on white
well i don't work i can't find
work is not that I don't work because I don't
I like working I can't find
job i did i am writing
to the employment office all done
requests or what I have to do
but I ca n't run work here not
last year he worked in one
cooperative is a more lonely job
fired I was fired yes
because the company of
torino who did the cleaning in
schools lost the contract then
left at home
lessinia locci also doesn't work I don't
I'm busy
we are seven eight months because unfortunately
all 2000 house for the inconvenience of
illness not supposed to be at home that
for them
we create problem which disease I am in
peritoneal dialysis and deprived of this
difficulty entering the problem
job I am registered I receive
social ligament all the district has
cried for so problem is just for
the companies that saw radials of
people have fired for them
discomfort because unfortunately there are no gifts
made four hours without three quarters
hence for them it creates a problem
the license for this reason of this
reason I signed up officially
placement that pass eight months that
so you have 250 euros coming
from what
what is worse from the unpublished in
how many cups contributions so that you
they gave Italian to these revolts
Social services social Elias
preparing the problem they know not
we make the little girl spend it
things you spend and so on
we own the three months that the crisis
social social service because then not
it's not even my social mind because
my social worker
the questions made them their flaws are
moves as you have to move the problem is
just according to me it starts from higher up
in the sense that the three months that it continues to
say that these funds are blocked
budget I do not know if regional I do not know if it is
I did not understand a budget but not
they can make people live in this
been you would expect a subsidy from
social services look more silvio
as for the child because a
own subsidy for the girl of 250
euro which can be variable in the sense
that generally maximum 300 and 1980
so then I tried with them though
we take 250 euros which I still don't
it is or many but they helped me because me
every day I move with my daughter
by bus because where the there went
osasco paper there are no middle schools
and therefore it is not
mine then I move every day
with her I pay 3 euros one way ticket
and 3 euros ticket on the way back then
you count in all of me since October
until now we are at the 13th of March
all tickets are 450 euros
in the sense all in a way of looking
see your son with your friends at 12
years to the facts yesterday and I can't
think about letting her especially live in
this way because i am an adult i am
I can also adapt but having a child
of this age some go to the middle school that
sees other comrades who must give up
to this of the things that are things that
one should have in the sense that if we
let's just look at them
they talk about btp with a job should
having them normally, that is, things that
more Italians should have a right
are the main things in the
constitution that work is a thing but
it's not there but where it is
where are the institutions you are
subscribers that place us point like
cooperative agencies from all over
worse sometimes photos called us
voga also beautiful immediately I take all the
better andrea to work a hat e
that I have no problem moving
because I move that bus from one
life
there was no driving license so I did
I always move some of the times I have
found a job in turin
worked driving schools sometimes takes the
bus where I can get shot but me
arrival I no I have no problem
problems working to clean the toilets
clean the butts on the ground I did
of my whole life in the baby factory
cleaning cleaning sitter embodies everything
all I made my life I'm not afraid of
work then work shuttles
not cars right now we every
effect I lend it because the
view the visits then this me
require you to go there at around nine
less 49 in the hospital in turin then I am
forced by force but to lend because
otherwise with paul martin of the train not
be able to get to 9 or set
the network machine never had the
car to tell why he worked
please allow a small one
utilitarian but unfortunately they are ours
at home and no longer able to
insurance the car remained free
insurance in a public place
one morning my strength arrived
order telling me that the car does not
could stay without depriving simulation and
i feel weighed character takes away
then it is only inhabited we live in Osasco
case from the municipality to say they put themselves
agreed with the deputy mayor of
pinerolo has agreed with the
osasco mayor to have this house
I had to fight that too
that even here, however, I did it for
luck because I had an eviction
in the English house I don't know what we'll have
so I will close the spiked dog then I will
I had to force for a week a
back and forth I went to the
common in the beginning when they are given
the home office was answered to me
we can do nothing because it just falls
not and there is none when then a rival
extremis then begins to make the gesture
glaring then people would give you to
that done so I started on
Town window is in front of the office
home so don't pay rent
we pay little rent we pay 40 euros
of hiring also though that unfortunately if
there never is no way to pay
not even 240 euros